many cases we have cards that have multiple different links or links and buttons or other interactive elements. And we may need to give the user options on what to click on. In those circumstances everything that I said in the past kind of falls to the wayside because we are now no longer working with a card where the expectation is, you can just click anywhere to go somewhere. The card behavior is more nuanced. And I think this is probably the direction you want to go. In most cases with cards. Give people a clear indication of what to click on and they will click on that.

Here we have three cards that have category information in addition to the title. So to ensure that the user understands, hey, there's several different things to click on here. We have to use some standard practice and we can also add some functionality to it. So right now we have the news an interesting category in the first card and they're underline indicating that this is clickable text. If you use your mouse, you can click on them. You also see when I hover my mouse into the card the underline comes in under the first card as well indicating this is also a clickable text, depending on how you want to approach it, it may actually be a good idea to have that underline there, to begin with. So it's not an interactive element. And then instead, have the hover state do something else like add a drop shadow to the card so it kind of pops out when you're interacting with it. But you want to make sure that the user understands which parts of the card are clickable. 

Now, if you look at the card at the end of the chain here I've done something else just to ensure that the user fully understands what they are expected to do. At the bottom I've added a link that says read more. And if you click on the read more link, you go to the same article you would get to if you click on the title. Now, if you remember all the way back to the beginning of the course, I talked about this exact scenario where you have a card that has two links pointing at the same place. And you know already know what to do. You need to hide one of these two links from screen readers. And that would be the read more link because it's redundant information that the screen reader will always have access to anyway.

So you can see when I'm on the title of the last card, the last card in the group, and I hit Tab I navigate outside the card and into the rest of the content of the page. I never actually get to the read more button. But because the screen reader text says, the last card in the group read more, the screen reader user will see, oh all the information I just heard is on the page so I'm not missing any information, we're not technically hiding anything because the words are still being read out. But even so we're not forcing the screen reader user to go to a second link that points to the same location. And that's kind of the whole point here. 