Date pickers are a common feature in websites and apps that is notoriously difficult to build and make accessible. Actually, let me amend that statement. Date pickers used to be notoriously difficult to build and make accessible. 

 different people are using them in very different ways and there are always accessibility issues around them. Now, the thing is mobile devices like cell phones, tablets, and so on already have date picker functionality built in because so many different apps are already using date pickers. And you need to make sure that that experience is consistent and accessible for mobile device users. So the inputs type date field, hooks into whatever dates picker feature is built into the browser and those date picker features have now been migrated into desktop browsers as well. As a result, when you use this field instead of designing your own date picker, you're using whatever natural and native date picker for the current browser in use. You're leveraging all the functionality of the web without doing any of the work. Now the input type date field can take some extra properties. We have a value attribute that allows us to set the start value for the dates. 

  The most complicated part of this example is the JavaScript. And the only reason it's complicated is because these min and max date fields take year, year, year, dash month, month dash date, date, field and I need to convert the dates, numbers into those fields. Which is what all this code is about, is just converting a field to a different type of output so that it can be put into the main fields.az79