# Is hiding or showing content a good idea?

For the majority of users, the web is primarily a visual medium, and a lot of effort is put into making websites and applications look as good as possible. That's why we have web design. Part of this often includes hiding text content from the visual browser. Classic example, social media buttons. Having a row of social media buttons instead of a row of text links, saves space, looks nicer and is less intrusive. 

So, what happens when we either hide text or omit text altogether in a situation like this? As long as everything is working properly, everything works fine for the visual user. For someone using assistive technologies, like screen readers, the experience, now, depends entirely on whether the developer marked up the button for accessibility. The same goes for search engines. If the button is just an image wrapped in a link without a descriptive text, or alt text, or anything else it's a mystery link without any context and it's unclear where that link goes. 
*	In the case of social media buttons, when we think of the   button in terms of accessibility and ease of development, we can find our way to some quick functional solutions. Make the social media menu a list. Add the social media icons and accompanying text inside the link in the list item, and use CSS to hide the text from the visual browser. Now, if someone accesses the site using a screen reader, they'll hear the text read out. While for visual browsers will only show the icon.

*	Let's look at a more complex example. Say, you have some sort of navigation at the end of an article, maybe to the next article or a related article, or something else. For the visual user, the separation between the article and this navigation is fairly obvious. But if the visitor is using assistive technologies it may not be that obvious. To remedy this, we can add a hidden heading inside the navigation telling the user they are switching context from the article to something else, relevant links, or post navigation, or whatever else is going on. This, again, also helps search engines understand what's happening on the page. We are declaring that there is a change in context. So, as you can see, there are times when hiding content in a browser is necessary.

