# How to hide content from screen readers

From time to time, you'll come across situations where you need to hide content from a screen reader. Here's an example. We have a card previewing an article. The card contains an image, the title of the article, which has a link, a short description, and a link with the text "Read more." For users of visual browsers, there's a good chance they'll just click on the "Read more" link, even though the title is also a link, because the "Read more" link is an explicit call to action, but they can also click on the title if they're used to doing that. It'll take them to the same article. Here's the problem though. A screen reader user tabbing through this card will encounter two links to the same location. First the title, and then the "Read more" link. This is redundant, and if there are many cards, it'll get confusing.

To get around this problem, we can actively hide one of the links from screen readers. For this, we'll set the aria-hidden attribute to true. This explicitly tells the screen reader, "Ignore this element and any child elements." Now, that last part is important. Aria-hidden applies to the current element and all child elements, so it has to be applied only to what you don't want read out and nothing else. The best place to make sure you're only hiding the things you actually intend to hide is to test this using a screen reader. 

Now, make sure you use this power only for good. Hiding things from screen readers means screen reader users don't get access to them, and many screen reader users still look at the screen as they're using the screen reader. This can lead to unexpected behavior, when you see content on the screen that is not being read out, so make sure you're only hiding things that should be hidden, like a redundant or repetitive pattern, like two links pointing at the same place.

