 Our challenge is just to find the simplest way of marking up this menu, while at the same time ensuring it's accessible using keyboard navigation and a screen reader. First there's a nav element containing the navigation. We use the nav element because as I explained earlier, this is a navigation. It has the navigation role in landmark, and it's announced as navigation two screen readers. Inside that nav, we need a button to open and close the menu. So we add a button element and yes this is not a link is not pointing anywhere, it is a button. 

 . That way we see the icon in the browser and screen readers will read out the text main menu, or in this case, maybe it should say open main menu or something like that. Well, it'll say main menu and then maybe it will change a JavaScript later. Then we get the actual menu. This is just an unordered list, with list items and links inside them. So this is the standard menu you always built. From here, we can then apply some basic CSS to make the menu button and the menu as a whole look and feel the way we want to and everything should work fine for the visual browser. 

  But what about keyboard navigation and accessibility? For that, we turn to a combination of JavaScript and CSS. I've created a class called hide which sets the display property of whatever element is applied to none. That hides the menu from the browser and the screen readers. In JavaScript, I first find the navigation menu and then I apply the hide class. That means when you open the page, the menu is actually open and then one JavaScript kicks in, the menu closes. That way, it'll always be available even if JavaScript is not working. 

   At the same time down here, if we set the initial state for the button. So you'll remember in the button, the text says Main menu. Now we can use JavaScript to extend that by adding an aria label and the aria labels says, Open news menu. That way, if you come in with a screen reader it'll actually read out, Open news menu rather than just say, menu button. We also add the aria expanded false attribute to it so that it'll notify a screen reader. The button is toggling something and that something is currently closed. Then we add an event listener to the button and listen for the click. When the click appears, we first get the aria attributes, so the aria-expanded attribute, we are just we'll be either true or false and this will tell us whether the button is currently open or closed. Then we trigger the toggle menu function and pass up the current status, so open or closed up to this function here the function says, if the status is false meaning the menu is currently closed, then go in and find the menu, remove the hide class that means open the menu, then change the trigger attribute to say, true. So the menu is open and change the text of the button to say, 

   . Finally, at the very bottom we have some functionality to monitor two things. One is if the user navigates with the tab key and exits the menu, in that case, we'll close the menu. The other one is, if the user clicks anywhere except in the navigation menu, let me also close the menu. So let's take a look at what that looks like in the browser. This time using keyboard navigation instead. So reload the page and then I'll hit the Tab key. You can see the button highlights, then I'll hit the Space Bar that opens the menu and now I can Tab through the menu, Shift + Tab to go back. If I click on the menu button again, it closest to menu as expected and if I tab out of the menu, so it's Tab, Tab, Tab, Tab, menu closes. Tab again, open and then if I click somewhere with my mouse menu closes, so that works. Now one final thing, let's see what happens if we use a screen reader here. 