# Designing accessible content hierarchies and flows
Almost all websites and applications are designed to communicate some form of information to the visitor and possibly get them to interact with something, maybe a video player, or a form, or a like button or something else. There's also a good chance there is a lot of information presented to the visitor all at once. A typical website has a header, at least one navigation area, a main content area, a sidebar, and a bunch of semi-related or unrelated content including related information, ads, social media links, et cetera, et cetera. To ensure the goal of the web page, that communication of information is successful the content hierarchy and flow becomes really important.

People who communicate using languages read from left to right, top to bottom have a fairly consistent reading pattern we can design for. They start in the top left and then scan down the page in a sort of diagonal fashion, meaning they'll see the header first, then whatever is to the left and towards the middle and then the middle content. And, finally, the right and bottom content.

For accessibility and for success, our designs should, as much as possible, try to accommodate these patterns. 
*  That means putting more important information towards the top left and less important information towards the bottom right. 
*  When it comes to the main content, people also scan and read content in a specific way. 
   
*  If an article has headings, or other elements that break the article apart, like images, people tend to scan past the body text and focus on these breaking elements first. That means for successful communication, the content hierarchy within an article is important. Headings, subheadings, and sub subheadings visually illustrate the relationship between different parts of the content. And these also directly impact accessibility for readers using assistive technologies. Screen readers use heading navigation, so the user can skip to a specific heading and read from that point. Here, the hierarchy of headings becomes vital.
   
*  Finally, there's some interesting learned behaviors we need to take into consideration. Because ads generally sit in the right-hand sidebar people have, over time, developed, what's known as, sidebar blindness. They simply ignore what's in the right sidebar, even when it's something important. In other words, anything in that space is likely to be ignored and if you really need a visitor to pay attention to it, you either need to place the information somewhere else in the design, or figure out a way of drawing their attention over to the sidebar and highlight that there's something important there.

The good news is HTML is built with content hierarchies in mind. From heading levels between one and six to semantic elements like nav, header, main, aside, footer, and so on. We can declare the hierarchies of our content in HTML and let the browser figure out how best to communicate that information to the visitor.
